CURA-12739 5.11 changelog and whats new pages (#21005)
Ultimaker/Cura: resources/texts/change_log.txt

- Fixed a bug where you could not add a cloud connected printer if you were not already signed in by removing a campaign link
- Fixed a bug where the nozzle would wipe back on the top layer of a spiralized model
- Updated warning range for the Inside Travel Avoid Distance
- Updated Use Towers for Support from Expert to Basic Category
- Fixed a bug where translations would not show up in Recommended
- Gracefully supports if Printers, Projects, and Users are deactivated in Digital Factory if a subscription is downgraded
- Removed the None Corner Preference from the Sharpest Corner Z Seam Alignment
- Updated the Fine print profile for the FDM printer. It now defaults to a 0.1mm layer height, correcting the previous 0.2mm default setting due to missing value.
- Fixed a bug where Cura would fail randomly, if the printer was loaded before the MachineErrorChecker, contributed by @0xorial
- Cleaned up the Windows Start Menu entry after installing. It no longer is folderized and doesn't contain a link anymore, contributed by @RedBlackAka
- Removed NSIS uninstall shortcut left behind when uninstalling, contributed by @RedBlackAka, resolves #20446 / #20302

> - Updated code quality of the PurgeLinesAndUnload Post Processing Plug-in, contributed by @hellAholic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated code quality of the PurgeLinesAndUnload Post Processing Plug-in script, contributed by @hellAholic
```

> - Fix crash caused by race-condition in tree-support

Reviewer 2: @HellAholic do you know the details of this bug? Is this describing it correctly? Usually we move these crashes a bit up in the list.

Reviewer: Not 100% sure but I remember this was a contribution by Thomas?

> - Fix crash caused by race-condition in tree-support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix race condition in TreeSupportBaseCircle which may sometimes cause a crash, contributed by @ThomasRahm
```

- Improved the predicted printing time on the Makerbot Replicator+ to be closer to the actual printing time
- Introduced 2.85 mm Generic BVOH material profiles
- Introduced support for BAM materials on BB cores on UltiMaker S line printers
- Introduced Anycubic Kobra S1, contributed by @takanuva15
- Updated code quality for zyyx_pro and zyyx_plus definitions
- Introduced Anycubic Kobra 3 V2, and Anycubic Kobra 3 v2 ACE PRO, contributed by @SamBkamp
- Updated 100% infill settings for all printers, contributed by @Asterchades
- Significant speed improvements for the Voron profiles, contributed by @NerdyGriffin, @WCEngineer, and @magnetoxgarage
- Introduced Sovol SV08, contributed by @sesse
- Introduced Toybox Alpha One/Two, contributed by @lukbrew25
- Updated Hellbot Hidra and Hellbot Hidra Plus with bed image, contributed by @DevelopmentHellbot
- Updated Sovol SV01 definition to be titan style instead of Bowden, contributed by @JoGrob
- Introduced BIQU B2, contributed by @bjuraga
- Introduced Geetech M1 and Geetech M1S Profiles, and updated the Geetech Thunder Profiles, contributed by @whoseyoung

> * Known Issues

Reviewer 2: Known issues, but we intend to resolve them for stable
